Crtx 240613 cooc azure to xsoar (#44708)
demisto/content: Packs/Azure/Integrations/Azure/Azure_description.md

Connect to Azure using one of the following authentication methods:

> 1. *Client Credentials Flow* (recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client Credentials flow (recommended).
```

> 2. *Authorization Code Flow*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authorization Code flow.
```

> 3. *Device Code Flow*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Device Code flow.
```

> 4. *Azure Managed Identities Flow*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure Managed Identities flow.
```

> Select the method in the **Authentication Type** parameter and configure the corresponding fields as described below. After configuring an instance, click **Test** to validate the connection. For the Device Code and Authorization Code flows, complete the authentication steps first (see below), and then click **Test**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

3. Click **API permissions** > **Add permission**.
4. Search for the specific Microsoft API and select the specific permission of type Delegated.

> ### Authentication Using the Client Credentials Flow (Recommended)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Authentication Using the Client Credentials Flow 
```

3. Click **API permissions** > **Add permission**.
4. Search for the specific Microsoft API and select the specific permission of type Delegated.

> ### Authentication Using the Client Credentials Flow (recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authentication Using the Client Credentials Flow (Recommended)  

Configure an instance that uses this flow with a self-deployed Azure application.  

```

> 1. Assign Azure roles using the Azure portal. See this [Microsoft article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assign Azure roles in the Azure portal. For more information, see the [Microsoft article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal).
```

   *Note:* In the *Select members* section, assign the application you created earlier.

> 2. To configure an instance that uses this flow with a self-deployed Azure application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the integration instance settings, configure the following.
```

>    1. In the *Authentication Type* field, select the **Client Credentials** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. In the **Authentication Type** field, select the *Client Credentials* option.
```

>    2. In the *Application ID* field, enter your Client/Application ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. In the **Application ID** field, enter your client/application ID.
```

>    3. In the *Default Subscription ID* field, enter your Subscription ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. In the **Default Subscription ID** field, enter your subscription ID.
```

>    4. In the *Default Resource Group Name* field, enter your Resource Group Name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. In the **Default Resource Group Name** field, enter your resource group name.
```

>    5. In the *Tenant ID* field, enter your Tenant ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. In the **Tenant ID** field, enter your tenant ID.
```

>    6. In the *Client Secret* field, enter your Client Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   6. In the **Client Secret** field, enter your client secret.
```

   7. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
   8. Save the instance.

### Authentication Using the Authorization Code Flow

> 1. In the *Authentication Type* field, select the **Authorization Code** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Authentication Type** field, select the *Authorization Code* option.
```

> 2. In the *Application ID* field, enter your Client/Application ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Application ID** field, enter your client/application ID.
```

> 3. In the *Client Secret* field, enter your Client Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Client Secret** field, enter your client secret.
```

> 4. In the *Tenant ID* field, enter your Tenant ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Tenant ID** field, enter your tenant ID.
```

> 5. In the *Application redirect URI* field, enter your Application redirect URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Application redirect URI** field, enter your application redirect URI.
```

6. Save the instance.

> 7. Run the `!azure-generate-login-url` command in the War Room and follow the instructions to obtain the Authorization code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Run the ***!azure-generate-login-url*** command in the War Room and follow the instructions to obtain the authorization code.
```

8. Paste the value you received in the *Authorization code* parameter and save the instance again.
9. Click **Test** to validate the connection.

### Authentication Using the Device Code Flow

Use the [device authorization grant flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-device-code).

> 1. In the *Authentication Type* field, select the **Device Code** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Authentication Type** field, select the *Device Code* option.
```

> 2. Fill in the *Application ID*, *Tenant ID*, *Default Subscription ID*, and *Default Resource Group Name* fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fill in the **Application ID**, **Tenant ID**, **Default Subscription ID**, and **Default Resource Group Name** fields.
```

3. Save the instance.
4. Run the ***!azure-auth-start*** command.
5. Follow the instructions that appear.
6. Run the ***!azure-auth-complete*** command.
7. At the end of the process you will see a message that you have logged in successfully.

> 8. Run the ***!azure-auth-test*** command to validate the connection. (For the Device Code flow, use this command instead of the **Test** button.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Run the ***!azure-auth-test*** command to validate the connection. (instead of the **Test** button.)
```

### Azure Managed Identities Authentication

> ##### Note: This option is relevant only if the integration is running on an Azure VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note:  
This option is relevant only if the integration is running on an Azure VM.
```

> Follow one of these steps for authentication based on Azure Managed Identities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authenticate using either system assigned managed identity or user assigned managed identity.
```

> - ##### To use System Assigned Managed Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For authentication using system assigned managed identity:
```

>     - In the *Authentication Type* drop-down list, select **Azure Managed Identities** and leave the *Azure Managed Identities Client ID* field empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In the **Authentication Type** drop-down list, select *Azure Managed Identities* and leave the **Azure Managed Identities Client ID** field empty.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Test** to validate the connection.  

```

> - ##### To use User Assigned Managed Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For authentication using user assigned managed identity:
```

>     1. Go to [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/) > **Managed Identities**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Go to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/) > **Managed Identities**.
```

>     2. Select your User Assigned Managed Identity, then copy the Client ID and paste it in the *Azure Managed Identities Client ID* field in the instance configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Select your user assigned managed identity, then copy the client ID and paste it in the **Azure Managed Identities Client ID** field in the instance configuration.
```

>     3. In the *Authentication Type* drop-down list, select **Azure Managed Identities**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. In the **Authentication Type** drop-down list, select *Azure Managed Identities*.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Test** to validate the connection.
```

> Click **Test** to validate the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion.
```
